Update msal-shared-devices.md (#410)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity-platform/msal-shared-devices.md

## Next steps

> We support iOS and Android platforms for shared device mode. MAUI apps do not support shared device mode - see [2910](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2910)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support iOS and Android platforms for shared device mode. .NET Multi-platform App UI (MAUI) applications do not support shared device mode. For additional details about the future of this capability, see [issue #2910](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2910) on GitHub.
```

Reviewer: @bgavrilMS - minor adjustment to the verbiage.
